<a id="SECTION000680000000000000000"></a>
# Interface for developers

An interface for developers is provided.
The matrix elements for the Hamiltonian, overlap, density matrix, position operator, and momentum operator,
which are all obtained from the SCF calculation, can be accessed from your post processing code using the functionality.
It should be also noted that from the OpenMX Ver. 3.9, the data format for the relevant codes 'SCF2File.c',
'read_scfout.c', 'read_scfout.h', and 'analysis_example.c' have been changed so that the full information of
density matrix, and the matrices for the position operator and momentum operator can be included in the scfout file.
So, the scfout files generated by the older versions of OpenMX cannot be analyzed by Ver. 3.9.
These data can be utilized by the following steps:

<a id="5703"></a>
<a id="5704"></a>
1. Generation of 'HS.fileout'
  <a id="5704"></a>
  Include the keyword 'HS.fileout' in your input file as follows:
  ```text

    HS.fileout                    on      # on|off, default=off
  ```
  and perform a convetional OpenMX calculation. Then, these data are output to a file '*System.Name*.scfout'
  where *System.Name* means System.Name in your input file.
2. make analysis_example
  In the directory 'source' compile by
  ```text

    % make analysis_example
  ```
  Then, an executable file 'analysis_example' is generated in the
  directory 'work'.
3. ./analysis_example *System.Name*.scfout
  Move to the directory 'work', and then perform the program
  as follows:
  ```text

    % ./analysis_example System.Name.scfout
    or 
    % ./analysis_example System.Name.scfout > HS.out
  ```
  You can find the elements of the Hamiltonian, the overlap, and
  the density matrices in a file 'HS.out'
4. explanation of analysis_example
  In a file 'analysis_example.c' you can find a detailed description
  for these data. A part of the description is as follows:
  ```text

    ******************************************************************
    You can utilize a filename.scfout which is generated by the SCF
    calculation of OpenMX by the following procedure:

    1. Define your main routine as follows:
    
    int main(int argc, char *argv[]) 

    2. Include a header file, "read_scfout.h", in your main routine
    (if you want, also in other routines) as follows:

    #include "read_scfout.h"
    
    3. Call a function, read_scfout(), in the main routine as follows:

    read_scfout(argv);
    ******************************************************************
  ```

It is noted that 'polB', 'jx', and 'kSpin' have been developed using the functionality as post processing code.
